The Stanley Parable is my favorite horror game.
Ah, Tetris, the inventory management survival horror game made by the Soviet Union in 1984.
Hey, what's going on guys?!?! CrazyYoutubeBro2 RIGHT HERE!!!
This is the story of a man named Stanley.
I love Minceraft
Hey guys, Steve Jobs here, coming back to you with another sick Fortnite video!
Je suis dans la Memory Zone.
I'm in the Diamond League in Duolingo :sunglasses:
Currently writing this code in school.
Idk why I decided to make these messages.
I swear, a good 60% of all my code is written at school (because I'm bored and have nothing to do).
Congratulations!!! You are our 1 millionth guest!!!
Congratulations!!! You've just made that joke for the 1 millionth time!!! How does it feel to be so unoriginal and stupid?
saltman was here
very nice
Imagine using Replit.
%ip_address%
No website builder necessary :smart:
Hey, VSauce! Michael here.
Hey, Michael! VSauce here.
#savetf2
https://desmos.com/calculator is my savior :)

:)
 ../
The end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end...
C:\Program Files\Google\Chrome\Application\chrome.exe
javac global.js
fubny
Home | That_One_Nerd
Is this a bucket?
https://stackoverflow.com is my savior :)
Unity 2021.2.7f1
ϕ = (sqrt(5) + 1) / 2
Have you seen the PNG specification on W3? Even the table of contents won't fit on my screen all at once completely zoomed out.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
Brigade Laboratories is coming...
The real bucket was inside him all along...
Gambhorra'ta, Treasurer of the Profaned Vault.
How to javascript tutorial free???
How to html tutorial free?
How to css tutorial free?
me when i the
lol crit (lol)
random crits are fair and balanced
Cave Johnson, we're done here.
Alright, let's get started! This first test involves something the lab boys call "Repulsion Gel!"
You're not part of the control group, by the way. You get the gel. Last poor son-of-a-gun got blue paint! Ha-ha!
I AM NOT A MORON!!!
You should try playing Portal 2.
Silly... silly birds.
Stanley picked up the bucket.
New content? What does that mean, "New Content?"
I'm a pretty big fan of The Stanley Parable.
You know what, I think I've spent enough time writing this stupid easter egg nobody's going to find or care about.
